# Assignments-of-Data-science#Travel Data

<h1 align="center" id="title">#TRAVEL DATA ANALYSIS</h1>
<p id="description">##I worked on a travel data that contains fields like Date StartTime / DayOfWeekGoingTo Distance(km) MaxSpeed(kmph) AvgSpeed(kmph) AvgMovingSpeed(kmph). FuelEconomyTotalTime MovingTimeTake407All Comments . I tried to find out interrelated data analysis from where a user can find important insights like 1.Find out Monthwise MIN of max. speed in 2011 visually represent it 2.Percentage break-up of total distance traveled day wise to Home &amp; GSK in 2011 explain it through using pie chart 3. In 2011 on months of July to Sept. daywise average moving time through charts 4. Find out Average fuel economy on monday with respect to start time 5. Month wise visualization and trend line of travel Toll tax given (yes) while going to GSK and HOME 6. Percentage count of not taken Take407All road during to Heavy rain Medium amount of rain Rain rain rain Raining and Rainy comments appear.</p>
    
<h2>🧐 Features</h2>

Here're some of the project's best features:

*   #sheet1: Minimum of Max Speed for each Date Month broken down by Date Year. Color shows details about Date Month. The marks are labeled by minimum of Max Speed. The view is filtered on Date Year which keeps 2011. 
##Sheet2: Day Of Week and % of Total Distance broken down by Going To and Date Year. Color shows details about Day Of Week. Size shows % of Total Distance. The marks are labeled by Day Of Week and % of Total Distance. The view is filtered on Date Year and % of Total Distance. The Date Year filter keeps 2011. The % of Total Distance filter ranges from 6.154% to 12.097%. Percentages are based on the whole table. 
###sheet3: Day Of Week and % of Total Distance broken down by Going To and Date Year. Color shows details about Day Of Week. Size shows % of Total Distance. The marks are labeled by Day Of Week and % of Total Distance. The view is filtered on Date Year and % of Total Distance. The Date Year filter keeps 2011. The % of Total Distance filter ranges from 6.154% to 12.097%. Percentages are based on the whole table. 
####sheet4: Average of Fuel Economy for each Start Time Hour broken down by Day Of Week. Color shows details about Start Time Hour. The view is filtered on Day Of Week which keeps Monday. #####sheet5: The trend of count of Take407All for Date Month broken down by Going To and Date Year. Color shows details about Date Year. The data is filtered on Take407All which keeps Yes. ######sheet6: % of Total Count of Take407All for each Comments broken down by Take407All. Color shows details about Comments. The view is filtered on Comments and Take407All. The Comments filter keeps Heavy rain Medium amount of rain Rain rain rain Raining and Rainy. The Take407All filter keeps No.
